Front-end Web Design
Project 2: Responsive Website

Demonstrates the evolution of the design and development process:
The websites aesthetics was always meant to be simple, following other architecture websites. The final result shows a simple, minimalistic, and historical type website. The colours add the historical elements to the website, while following a grid guide and no over cluttering. The final website may not follow the exact low-fidelity prototype in the previous project; however, it still follows the same fundamentals which were always desired. Starting off the project, I did not believe it was possible to be able to develop a website which looked “real world” and professional. As CSS was being learnt it began easier to see how the make the website look better and change. 

Provides insight into the development process, including the challenges faced and solutions to those challenges:
Initially starting the website, I knew it would not be simple, and there was a lot that I did not expect to experience. Being new to web design, I did not understand nor remember different semantic HTML5 or CCS language. That was probably the most consistent challenge which occurred throughout the whole process of creating this responsive website. Having to go back and recall what different semantics meant took up a lot of time and caused a lot of stress especially if elements did not change or go to plan. However, after weeks of covering HTML and CSS, I had eventually understood their languages. It was once we got onto media queries and flexboxes that I had trouble understanding how to write that within my code. There was a lot of trial and error. I had looked to the example which was posted on Canvas as a model on how the functions worked. Not remembering how some elements were set made it extremely frustrating when the website did not respond to certain changes. Still learning and trying to remember the settings and language prolonged when the project would be finished. Overall, the assignment was finished and the code was checked through a code checker.
